apps/docs/src/pages/en/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: Mesh Governance - Overview of Mesh's governance activities in the Cardano ecosystem
asIndexPage: true
sidebarTitle: Introduction
---

# Mesh Governance

Welcome to Mesh's governance documentation. This section provides comprehensive information about Mesh's participation in Cardano's governance ecosystem, including our role as a Delegated Representative (DRep) and our involvement in Project Catalyst.

## Overview

Mesh actively participates in Cardano's governance system through multiple channels:

- **DRep Voting**: As a Delegated Representative, we vote on important governance proposals that shape the future of Cardano
- **Project Catalyst**: We develop and maintain proposals that contribute to the Cardano ecosystem's growth

## Key Sections

### [DRep Voting History](/en/drep-voting/1001)
Track our voting decisions and rationale as a Delegated Representative in Cardano's governance system. Our voting history is transparent and documented with detailed explanations for each decision.

### [Project Catalyst Proposals](/en/catalyst-proposals/0001)
Explore our funded proposals through Project Catalyst, including:
- Current and completed projects
- Funding progress and milestones
- Links to detailed resources for each proposal

## Our Governance Principles

1. **Transparency**: All our governance activities are publicly documented and verifiable
2. **Technical Excellence**: We focus on proposals and decisions that enhance Cardano's technical capabilities
3. **Community Growth**: We support initiatives that benefit the broader Cardano ecosystem
4. **Sustainable Development**: We prioritize long-term, sustainable solutions over short-term gains

## Resources

- [Cardano Governance Overview](https://www.cardano.org/governance/)
- [Cardano Improvement Proposals (CIPs)](https://cips.cardano.org/)
- [Project Catalyst](https://projectcatalyst.io/)
- [Catalyst Milestones](https://milestones.projectcatalyst.io/)
- [MeshJS GitHub Organization](https://github.com/meshJS)

Commit message:

Enhance governance documentation by adding usage statistics and refining section details for DRep Voting and Project Catalyst proposals.

apps/docs/src/pages/en/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: Mesh Governance - Overview of Mesh's governance activities in the Cardano ecosystem
asIndexPage: true
sidebarTitle: Introduction
---

# Mesh Governance

Welcome to Mesh's governance documentation. This section provides comprehensive information about Mesh's participation in Cardano's governance ecosystem, including our role as a Delegated Representative (DRep), our involvement in Project Catalyst, and our usage statistics.

## Overview

Mesh actively participates in Cardano's governance system through multiple channels:

- **Project Catalyst**: We develop and maintain proposals that contribute to the Cardano ecosystem's growth
- **DRep Voting**: As a Delegated Representative, we vote on important governance proposals that shape the future of Cardano
- **Usage Statistics**: We track and share our SDK usage metrics and community growth

## Key Sections

### [Project Catalyst Proposals](/en/catalyst-proposals/0001)
Explore our funded proposals through Project Catalyst, including:
- Current and completed projects
- Funding progress and milestones
- Links to detailed resources for each proposal

### [DRep Voting History](/en/drep-voting/1001)
Track our voting decisions and rationale as a Delegated Representative in Cardano's governance system. Our voting history is transparent and documented with detailed explanations for each decision.

### [Mesh SDK Usage Statistics](/en/mesh-stats/2001)
Track our SDK adoption and community growth through detailed statistics including:
- GitHub organization contributor statistics
- Public project usage metrics
- Monthly NPM package downloads
- Download trends and patterns

## Our Governance Principles

1. **Transparency**: All our governance activities are publicly documented and verifiable
2. **Technical Excellence**: We focus on proposals and decisions that enhance Cardano's technical capabilities
3. **Community Growth**: We support initiatives that benefit the broader Cardano ecosystem
4. **Sustainable Development**: We prioritize long-term, sustainable solutions over short-term gains

## Resources

- [Cardano Governance Overview](https://www.cardano.org/governance/)
- [Cardano Improvement Proposals (CIPs)](https://cips.cardano.org/)
- [Project Catalyst](https://projectcatalyst.io/)
- [Catalyst Milestones](https://milestones.projectcatalyst.io/)
- [MeshJS GitHub Organization](https://github.com/meshJS)
